docs(storage): Adds a verification step to the procedure to resize persistent storage (#7337)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/proc-resizing-persistent-volumes.adoc

.Procedure

> . Edit a `Kafka` resource using the `size` property to increase the size of the persistent volume allocated to a Kafka cluster, a ZooKeeper cluster, or both.

Reviewer: `Edit a Kafka resource using the size property` sounds a bit weird to me. Would something like this be better?

```suggestion
. Edit a `Kafka` resource and change the `size` property to increase the size of the persistent volume allocated to a Kafka cluster, a ZooKeeper cluster, or both.
```
